[CON-548] feat: Added the provider guide for Sellsy Connector (#104)
amp-labs/docs: src/provider-guides/sellsy.mdx

---
title: "Sellsy"
---

## What's Supported

### Supported Actions

This connector supports:
- [Proxy Actions](/define-integrations/proxy-actions), using the base URL `https://api.sellsy.com`.

## Before You Get Started

To connect Sellsy with Ampersand, you will need [a Sellsy Account](https://www.sellsy.com/onboarding/quicktrial).

Once your account is created, you'll need to create an app in Sellsy and obtain the following credentials from your app:

- Client ID
- Client Secret

You will then use these credentials to connect your application to Ampersand.

### Create a Sellsy Account

Here's how you can sign up for a Sellsy account:

- Go to the [Sellsy Sign Up page](https://www.sellsy.com/onboarding/quicktrial).
- Sign up using your preferred method.

### Creating a Sellsy App

Follow the steps below to create & configure a Sellsy app.

1. Log in to your [Sellsy](https://login.sellsy.com/login) account.

2. Go to **Menu**, **Settings**, and select **Developer Portal** in your Sellsy account.

> 3. Click the **API V2 (beta)** tab, then click **Create API Access** and select your **API access type**: Private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **API V2 (beta)** tab, then click **Create API Access** and select the **API access type** as *Private*.
```

> 4. Enter the **Access name** for an API Access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter your application's name as the **Access name**.
```

5. In the **Redirect URLs** section, enter the Ampersand redirect URL: `https://api.withampersand.com/callbacks/v1/oauth`.

6. Choose the **scopes** that are applicable to your application.

   [Sellsy App Creation](/images/provider-guides/sellsy_OAuth.gif)

7. Make sure to click **Save**.

## Add Your Sellsy App Info to Ampersand

1. Log in to your [Ampersand Dashboard](https://dashboard.withampersand.com).

> 2. Select the project you want to create a Sellsy integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the project you want to create a Sellsy integration in.
```

---
title: "Sellsy"
---

## What's Supported

### Supported Actions

This connector supports:
- [Proxy Actions](/define-integrations/proxy-actions), using the base URL `https://api.sellsy.com`.

## Before You Get Started

To connect Sellsy with Ampersand, you will need [an Sellsy Account](https://www.sellsy.com/onboarding/quicktrial?lang=fr).

Once your account is created, you'll need to create an app in Sellsy and obtain the following credentials from your app:

- Client ID
- Client Secret

You will then use these credentials to connect your application to Ampersand.

### Create an Sellsy Account

Here's how you can sign up for an Sellsy account:

- Go to the [Sellsy Sign Up page](https://www.sellsy.com/onboarding/quicktrial?lang=fr).
- Sign up using your preferred method.

### Creating an Sellsy App

Follow the steps below to create an Sellsy app and add the Ampersand redirect URL.

1. Log in to your [Sellsy](https://login.sellsy.com/login) account.

2. Click **Menu**, then click **Settings**, and select **Developer Portal** in your Sellsy account.

3. Click the **API V2 (beta)** tab, then click **Create API Access** and select your **API access type**: Private

> 4. Enter the **Access name** for the Creating an API Access.

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Author: In the second version of the API, they switched to OAuth 2.0 for authentication. When creating an OAuth application, there will be an option named API V2 (beta).

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02db1d4e-dd49-4da8-a075-9bf07c031cf7)

5. Enter the Ampersand redirect URL: `https://api.withampersand.com/callbacks/v1/oauth` in the **Redirect URLs** section.

6. Choose the **scopes** that are applicable for your application.

   [Sellsy App Creation](/images/provider-guides/sellsy_OAuth.gif)

> 7. Click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Make sure to click on **Save**.
```

## Add Your Sellsy App Info to Ampersand

1. Log in to your [Ampersand Dashboard](https://dashboard.withampersand.com).

> 2. Select the project where you want to create an Sellsy integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the project in which you want to create a Sellsy integration.
```

   ![Ampersand Project Selection](/images/provider-guides/31a6a12-Ampersand.png)

3. Select **Provider Apps**.

4. Select _Sellsy_ from the **Provider** list.

5. Enter the previously obtained _Client ID_ in the **Client ID** field and the _Client Secret_ in the **Client Secret** field.

   ![Ampersand Integration](/images/provider-guides/sellsy.gif)

> 6. Click **Save Changes**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
